
*******Written today - 2020-04-30*******
If you get your news from Facebook, thats problem number one. Why? Well, it would take an effort of pandemic-response-sized proportions to get people to stop sharing bullshit on Facebook. And you see how well our pandemic response is going...
I know that you…

Today through April 19th, you can tune into Games Done Quickly’s (GDQ) streamed COVID-19 charity event to watch some of the fastest speedrunners in the world race through new and classic games and raise money for the coronavirus pandemic. The event, Corona Re…

Over the last several years, delivery services have become a key component of how retailers, or anyone selling or distributing products and services, do business. Now, with a global health pandemic in full swing keeping people indoors (and away from physical …

A European coalition of techies and scientists drawn from at least eight countries, and led by Germany’s Fraunhofer Heinrich Hertz Institute for telecoms (HHI), is working on contacts-tracing proximity technology for COVID-19 that’s designed to comply with th…

Live wildlife markets have temporarily closed across China and air pollution is dropping in cities around the world under lockdown due to the coronavirus pandemic. Thats given nature some space to breathe even as the virus takes a toll on humanity. But in sou…

This is Sick Days, a series documenting how jobs are changing during the coronavirus pandemic, as told by workers themselves. This week, we hear from some entertainment professionals, a credit union worker, a nanny and part-time baker, and more. If youd like …

One of the few legitimate reasons for leaving your home amidst the coronavirus pandemic is to get some safely socially-distanced exercise. Unfortunately, as Late Night host Seth Meyers noted on Tuesday, some joggers are eschewing simple precautionary measures…

I cant believe I have to say this, but here we go: do not inject yourself with bleach. You could die.
On Thursday, the President of the United States, one of the most politically powerful men in the world, seriously suggested the coronavirus could be killed …

With a third of the world's population staying at home
 amid the coronavirus pandemic, it's safe to say that there are single folks out there lamenting their dating life. IRL dating is out of the question for many right now, but plenty of people are still do…

Proposing to a significant other, planning a wedding, or getting married in the middle of a pandemic is far from ideal. But steadfast romantics around the world are proving that love in the time of coronavirus, though not easy, is still possible.
Over the pa…

Ajax are ahead of AZ Alkmaar on goal difference at the top of the Eredivisie
The Dutch Football Association “intends not to continue” the Eredivisie season after the national government extended a ban on major events until 1 September because of coronavirus.…

Image copyrightEPA Image caption
 The UN had called on both sides to end fighting and ramp up efforts to tackle the coronavirus outbreak
A Saudi Arabian-led coalition fighting Houthi forces in Yemen has declared a ceasefire, according to officials. 
Source…

Image copyrightTabitha Warley/Alex Outhwaite/Israel Cassol
It's hard to believe that even in lockdown, life on Instagram can look idyllic.
Last month, Manchester-born Jack Morris posted a photograph in his swimwear, standing in an infinity pool against a pi…

Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

(CNN)The US Census Bureau estimates that about 11.5 million Americans have some degree of hearing loss. Yet months into the coronavirus pandemic, the White House still does not have American Sign Language interpreters at its televised public health press brie…

Lisa Selin Davis is the author of "Tomboy: The Surprising History and Future of Girls Who Dare to Be Different." She has written The New York Times, CNN, The Wall Street Journal, The Guardian and many other publications. She The views expressed here are hers.…

(CNN)Doctors fight epidemics like Covid-19 by following contagion from person to person, eventually mapping a complex series of our physical encounters with friends, co-workers and acquaintances. 
It's a piece of medical detective work that also reveals our …

Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 Tom Hanks recovered from coronavirus last month in Australia
US actor Tom Hanks has replied to a letter and sent the gift of a Corona-brand typewriter to an Australian boy bullied because of his name - Corona. 
Cor…

Image copyrightGetty ImagesImage caption
 Ischgl is thought to be where hundreds of European skiers became infected
Austria has lifted the strict quarantine on three ski resorts in Tyrol which were coronavirus hotspots. 
The three include Ischgl, known as …

We've all been there. A coronavirus post that could be true and sounds about right, but how do we know it's accurate?
To help, the BBC's disinformation-monitoring team is fact-checking and verifying some of the most widely shared fake and misleading stories …

